Format: http://www.debian.org/doc/packaging-manuals/copyright-format/1.0/
Source: http://www.thefanclub.co.za/overgrive

Copyright: 2013-2015 The Fan Club <info@thefanclub.co.za>
License: The Fan Club EULA
 overGrive Copyright Notice
 .
 Copyright (c) 2015, The Fan Club <info@thefanclub.co.za>
 .
 1. Copyright and Intellectual property
 The Software and any authorized copies that you make are the intellectual 
 property of and are owned by The Fan Club. The structure, organization, 
 and source code of the Software are the valuable trade secrets and 
 confidential information of The Fan Club.
 The Software is protected by law, including but not limited to the copyright 
 laws of the United States and other countries, and by international treaty 
 provisions. Except as expressly stated herein, this agreement does not grant 
 you any intellectual property rights in the Software and all rights not 
 expressly granted are reserved by The Fan Club.
 .
 2. License and Restrictions 
 2.1 License: Subject to the terms of this Agreement, The Fan Club hereby 
 grants You a limited, personal, non-commercial, non-exclusive, 
 non-sublicensable, non-assignable, license to download, install and use the 
 The Fan Club Software on Your computer for the sole purpose of personally 
 using the applications provided by The Fan Club and any other applications 
 that may be explicitly provided by The Fan Club. 
 .
 2.2 No Granting of Rights to Third Parties: You will not sell, assign, rent, 
 lease, distribute, export, import, act as an intermediary or provider, or 
 otherwise grant rights to third parties with regard to The Fan Club Software 
 or any part thereof.
 .
 2.3 No Modifications: You will not undertake, cause, permit or authorize the 
 modification, creation of derivative works, translation, reverse 
 engineering, decompiling, disassembling or hacking of The Fan Club Software or 
 any part thereof except to the extent permitted by law.
 .
 2.4 Third Parties: The Fan Club Software may depend on, and may 
 incorporate itself, software and other technology owned and controlled by 
 third parties. Any and all other third party software or technology that may 
 be distributed together with The Fan Club Software will be subject to 
 You explicitly accepting a license agreement with that third party. 
 You acknowledge and agree that You will not enter into a contractual 
 relationship with The Fan Club or its Affiliates regarding such third party 
 software or technology and you will look solely to the applicable third party 
 and not to The Fan Club or its Affiliates to enforce any of your rights.
 .
 2.5 Exclusive Ownership: Any and all IP Rights in The Fan Club Software, the 
 The Fan Club Website, The Fan Club Online Material and The Fan Club 
 Promotional Materials are and shall remain the exclusive property of 
 The Fan Club and/or its licensors. Nothing in this Agreement intends to 
 transfer any such IP Rights to, or to vest any such IP Rights in, You. 
 You are only entitled to the limited use of the IP Rights granted to You 
 in this Agreement. You will not take any action to jeopardize, limit or 
 interfere with The Fan Club’s IP Rights. Any unauthorized use of 
 The Fan Club’s IP Rights is a violation of this Agreement as well as a 
 violation of intellectual property laws and treaties, including without 
 limitation copyright laws and trademark laws. All title and IP Rights in and 
 to any third party content that is not contained in The Fan Club Software, but 
 may be accessed through use of The Fan Club Software, is the property of the 
 respective content owners and may be protected by applicable copyright or 
 other intellectual property laws and treaties.
 .
 2.6 No Removal of Notices: You agree that You will not remove, obscure, make 
 illegible or alter any notices or indications of the IP Rights and/or 
 The Fan Club’s rights and ownership thereof, whether such notice or indications 
 are affixed on, contained in or otherwise connected to any materials.
 .
 This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT 
 ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY, 
 SATISFACTORY QUALITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
 .
 END LICENSE
